<Update with how to do> allow-com-object-registration-in-windows-defender-application-… (#9217)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/allow-com-object-registration-in-windows-defender-application-control-policy.md

  </Value>
</Setting>
```
### How to configure settings for the CLSIDs

> Given the following example of an error in the Event Viewer (Application and Service Logs > Microsoft > Windows > AppLocker > MSI and Script):

Reviewer: I also suggest applying the following part of @JohanFreelancer9's earlier suggestion:
```suggestion
Given the following example of an error in the Event Viewer (**Application and Service Logs** > **Microsoft** > **Windows** > **AppLocker** > **MSI and Script**):
```

Event ID:      8036
Task Category: None
Level:         Error
Keywords:
User:          S-1-5-21-3340858017-3068726007-3466559902-3647
Computer:      contoso.com
Description:
{f8d253d9-89a4-4daa-87b6-1168369f0b21} was prevented from running due to Config CI policy.

Event XML:

```XML
<Event xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/win/2004/08/events/event">
  <System>
    <Provider Name="Microsoft-Windows-AppLocker" Guid="{cbda4dbf-8d5d-4f69-9578-be14aa540d22}" />
    <EventID>8036</EventID>
    <Version>0</Version>
    <Level>2</Level>
    <Task>0</Task>
    <Opcode>0</Opcode>
    <Keywords>0x4000000000000000</Keywords>
    <TimeCreated SystemTime="2020-11-11T19:18:11.4029179Z" />
    <EventRecordID>819347</EventRecordID>
    <Correlation ActivityID="{61e3e871-adb0-0047-c9cc-e761b0add601}" />
    <Execution ProcessID="21060" ThreadID="23324" />
    <Channel>Microsoft-Windows-AppLocker/MSI and Script</Channel>
    <Computer>contoso.com</Computer>
    <Security UserID="S-1-5-21-3340858017-3068726007-3466559902-3647" />
  </System>
  <EventData>
    <Data Name="IsApproved">false</Data>
    <Data Name="CLSID">{f8d253d9-89a4-4daa-87b6-1168369f0b21}</Data>
  </EventData>
</Event>
```

> 

Reviewer: Cosmetic/codestyle: we can remove one blank line here to keep the spacing consistent (although not terribly important).
```suggestion
```

  </Value>
</Setting>
```

> ### How to configure the settings for the CLSIDs
> For example, you get an error in the Event Viewer (Application and Service Logs > Microsoft > Windows > AppLocker > MSI and Script) like below:

Reviewer: I don't know enough about this document to say if this addition will become accepted (I am not a Microsoft employee), but in the meanwhile, here are some improvement suggestions:
```suggestion
### How to configure settings for the CLSIDs

Given the following example of an error in the Event Viewer (Application and Service Logs > Microsoft > Windows > AppLocker > MSI and Script):
```

> For example, you get an error in the Event Viewer (Application and Service Logs > Microsoft > Windows > AppLocker > MSI and Script) like below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, should you get an error in the Event Viewer (**Application and Service Logs** > **Microsoft** > **Windows** > **AppLocker** > **MSI and Script**) such as the following:
```

Log Name:      Microsoft-Windows-AppLocker/MSI and Script
Source:        Microsoft-Windows-AppLocker
Date:          11/11/2020 1:18:11 PM
Event ID:      8036
Task Category: None
Level:         Error

> Keywords:      
> User:          S-1-5-21-3340858017-3068726007-3466559902-3647
> Computer:     contoso.com
> Description:
> {f8d253d9-89a4-4daa-87b6-1168369f0b21} was prevented from running due to Config CI policy.
> Event Xml:

Reviewer: Spacing is important. Removed redundant blanks, adjusted indentation, capitalization for XML (eXtensible Markup Language).
```suggestion
Keywords:
User:          S-1-5-21-3340858017-3068726007-3466559902-3647
Computer:      contoso.com
Description:
{f8d253d9-89a4-4daa-87b6-1168369f0b21} was prevented from running due to Config CI policy.

Event XML:

```

> <Event xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/win/2004/08/events/event">
>   <System>
>     <Provider Name="Microsoft-Windows-AppLocker" Guid="{cbda4dbf-8d5d-4f69-9578-be14aa540d22}" />
>     <EventID>8036</EventID>
>     <Version>0</Version>
>     <Level>2</Level>
>     <Task>0</Task>
>     <Opcode>0</Opcode>
>     <Keywords>0x4000000000000000</Keywords>
>     <TimeCreated SystemTime="2020-11-11T19:18:11.4029179Z" />
>     <EventRecordID>819347</EventRecordID>
>     <Correlation ActivityID="{61e3e871-adb0-0047-c9cc-e761b0add601}" />
>     <Execution ProcessID="21060" ThreadID="23324" />
>     <Channel>Microsoft-Windows-AppLocker/MSI and Script</Channel>
>     <Computer>contoso.com</Computer>
>     <Security UserID="S-1-5-21-3340858017-3068726007-3466559902-3647" />
>   </System>
>   <EventData>
>     <Data Name="IsApproved">false</Data>
>     <Data Name="CLSID">{f8d253d9-89a4-4daa-87b6-1168369f0b21}</Data>
>   </EventData>
> </Event>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```XML
<Event xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/win/2004/08/events/event">
  <System>
    <Provider Name="Microsoft-Windows-AppLocker" Guid="{cbda4dbf-8d5d-4f69-9578-be14aa540d22}" />
    <EventID>8036</EventID>
    <Version>0</Version>
    <Level>2</Level>
    <Task>0</Task>
    <Opcode>0</Opcode>
    <Keywords>0x4000000000000000</Keywords>
    <TimeCreated SystemTime="2020-11-11T19:18:11.4029179Z" />
    <EventRecordID>819347</EventRecordID>
    <Correlation ActivityID="{61e3e871-adb0-0047-c9cc-e761b0add601}" />
    <Execution ProcessID="21060" ThreadID="23324" />
    <Channel>Microsoft-Windows-AppLocker/MSI and Script</Channel>
    <Computer>contoso.com</Computer>
    <Security UserID="S-1-5-21-3340858017-3068726007-3466559902-3647" />
  </System>
  <EventData>
    <Data Name="IsApproved">false</Data>
    <Data Name="CLSID">{f8d253d9-89a4-4daa-87b6-1168369f0b21}</Data>
  </EventData>
</Event>
```
I have tried adding a MarkDown fenced code block with syntax highlighting for XML, but I am not sure if I have been successful in adding the ending fence (3 back ticks, **```**)

> To add this CLSID to the existing policy, follow the steps below,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add this CLSID to the existing policy by following these steps:
```

1. Open the Powershell ISE with administrative priviledge.
2. Now from the admin powershell ISE, type this command and run it. Considering the name of the policy is WDAC_policy.xml .                                                                                                                                    
PS C:\WINDOWS\system32> Set-CIPolicySetting -FilePath <path to policy xml>\WDAC_policy.xml -Key 8856f961-340a-11d0-a96b-00c04fd705a2 -Provider WSH -Value True -ValueName EnterpriseDefinedClsId -ValueType Boolean

> Once the command is run, you will find that the following section is added to the policy xml.

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
To add this CLSID to the existing policy, use the following steps:

1. Open PowerShell ISE with Administrative privileges.
2. From the admin PowerShell ISE, copy and edit this command, then run it. Consider the policy name to be `WDAC_policy.xml`.

```PowerShell
PS C:\WINDOWS\system32> Set-CIPolicySetting -FilePath <path to policy xml>\WDAC_policy.xml -Key 8856f961-340a-11d0-a96b-00c04fd705a2 -Provider WSH -Value True -ValueName EnterpriseDefinedClsId -ValueType Boolean
```

Once the command has been run, you will find that the following section is added to the policy XML.
~~~

  <Settings>
    <Setting Provider="WSH" Key="8856f961-340a-11d0-a96b-00c04fd705a2" ValueName="EnterpriseDefinedClsId">
      <Value>
        <Boolean>true</Boolean>
      </Value>

>     </Setting>

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```XML
  <Settings>
    <Setting Provider="WSH" Key="8856f961-340a-11d0-a96b-00c04fd705a2" ValueName="EnterpriseDefinedClsId">
      <Value>
        <Boolean>true</Boolean>
      </Value>
    </Setting>
```
~~~
